
200 (Success) The server has successfully processed the request. Usually, this means that the server served the requested web page.
201 (Created) The request was successful and the server created a new resource.
202 (Accepted) The server has accepted the request but has not yet processed it.
203 (Non-Authorization Information) The server has successfully processed the request, but the returned information may have come from another source.
204 (No Content) The server successfully processed the request, but did not return any content.
205 (Reset Content) The server successfully processed the request, but did not return any content.
206 (Partial Content) The server successfully processed a partial GET request.

300 (multiple choices) The server can perform various operations in response to the request. The server can choose an operation according to the requester (user agent), or provide a list of operations for the requester to choose.
301 (Moved Permanently) The requested webpage has permanently moved to a new location. When the server returns this response (in response to a GET or HEAD request), it automatically forwards the requester to the new location.
302 (temporarily moved) The server currently responds to requests from web pages in different locations, but the requester should continue to use the original location for future requests.
303 (See other locations) This code is returned by the server when the requester should use separate GET requests for different locations to retrieve the response.
304 (Not Modified) The requested page has not been modified since the last request. When the server returns this response, no webpage content is returned.
305 (Using Proxy) The requester can only use a proxy to access the requested web page. If the server returns this response, it also indicates that the requester should use a proxy.
307 (temporary redirection) The server is currently responding to requests from web pages in different locations, but the requester should continue to use the original location for future requests.

400 (Bad Request) The server did not understand the syntax of the request.
401 (Unauthorized) The request requires authentication. The server might return this response for web pages that require a login.
403 (Forbidden) The server rejected the request.
404 (Not Found) The server could not find the requested webpage.
405 (Method Forbidden) The method specified in the request is disabled.
406 (Not Accepted) Unable to respond to the requested web page with the requested content attributes.
407 (Proxy Authorization Required) This status code is the same as
408 (Request Timed Out) The server timed out while waiting for the request.
409 (Conflict) The server had a conflict while completing the request. The server MUST include information about the conflict in the response.
410 (Deleted) The server returns this response if the requested resource has been permanently deleted.
411 (Valid Length Required) The server does not accept a request without a Valid Content-Length header field.
412 (Precondition not met) The server did not meet one of the preconditions set by the requester in the request.
413 (The request entity is too large) The server cannot process the request because the request entity is too large and exceeds the processing capacity of the server.
414 (The requested URI is too long) The requested URI (usually a web address) is too long for the server to handle.
415 (Unsupported Media Type) The requested format is not supported by the requested page.
416 (Requested range does not meet requirements) This status code is returned by the server if the page cannot provide the requested range.
417 (Expectation not met) The server did not meet the "Expectation" request header field.

500 (Internal Server Error) The server encountered an error and was unable to complete the request.
501 (not yet implemented) The server is not capable of fulfilling the request. For example, this code might be returned when the server does not recognize the request method.
502 (Bad Gateway) The server, acting as a gateway or proxy, received an invalid response from an upstream server.
503 (Service Unavailable) The server is currently unavailable (due to overloading or down for maintenance). Usually, this is only a temporary state.
504 (Gateway Timeout) The server is acting as a gateway or proxy, but did not receive the request from the upstream server in time.
505 (HTTP Version Unsupported) The server does not support the HTTP protocol version used in the request.

